---------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Copyright (c) PC2Lab Development Team
 All rights reserved.

 This file is part of free(dom) software -- you can redistribute it
 and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public
 License (GPL)as published by the Free Software Foundation, either
 version 3 (GPL v3), or (at your option) a later version.

 The software is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
 WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the IMPLIED WARRANTY of
 MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

 Miami University and PC2Lab makes no representations or warranties
 about the suitability of the software, either express or implied,
 including but not limited to the implied warranties of
 merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or
 non-infringement.  Miami University and PC2Lab is not be liable for
 any damages suffered by licensee as a result of using, result of
 using, modifying or distributing this software or its derivatives.

 By using or copying this Software, Licensee agrees to abide by the
 intellectual property laws, and all other applicable laws of the
 U.S., and the terms of this license.

 Authors: Dhananjai M. Rao       raodm@miamiOH.edu

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

This directory contains the Cab Simulator (cab_sim) that uses the
model generated by model gen to simulate movement of cabs based on
different types of user demands.

* COMPILING

In order to compile cab_sim you need to first have MUSE compiled and
installed.  cab_sim relies on the MUSE kernel for its PDES operations,
and therefore cab_sim cannot be compiled without the MUSE
library. Once you have MUSE complied successfully, then you can
compile cab_sim via the following commands from the top-level cab_sim
directory

$ autoreconf -i -v
$ ./configure --with-muse=/home/raodm/miami/research/muse
$ make

MODELING AND SIMULATION

Cab Sim is a custom simulation to model and analyze movement of taxi
cabs in a given region.  It uses the model generated by model
generator -- i.e., the cabs move people between buildings using ways
generated by the model generator.

Cab Sim has been developed as a Parallel Discrete Event Simulation
(PDES) using the Miami University Simulation Environment (MUSE).
Partitioning of the model is accomplished using the population rings
in the generated model -- i.e., each population ring is modeled as an
agent.  Each agent maintains information about taxis in its region.
Taxi life cycle is modeled as events. The population rings exchange
different events to model movement of taxis with progression of time.

